Add RELEASING.md (#116)
opensearch-project/opensearch-testcontainers: RELEASING.md

* **1.0**: The _current_ release. In between minor releases, only hotfixes (e.g. security) are backported to `1.0`.

Label PRs with the next major version label (e.g. `2.0.0`) and merge changes into `main`. Label PRs that you believe need to be backported as `1.x` and `1.0`. Backport PRs by checking out the versioned branch, cherry-pick changes and open a PR against each target backport branch.

### Feature Branches

Do not create branches in the upstream repo, use your fork, for the exception of long lasting feature branches that require active collaboration from multiple developers. Name feature branches `feature/<thing>`. Once the work is merged to `main`, please make sure to delete the feature branch.

## Release Labels

Repositories create consistent release labels, such as `v1.0.0`, `v1.1.0` and `v2.0.0`, as well as `patch` and `backport`. Use release labels to target an issue or a PR for a given release.

## Releasing

The release process is standard across repositories in this org and is run by a release manager volunteering from amongst [maintainers](MAINTAINERS.md).

1. Create a tag, e.g. 1.0.0, and push it to this GitHub repository.

> 1. The [release-drafter.yml](.github/workflows/release-drafter.yml) will be automatically kicked off and a draft release will be created.

Reviewer: Maybe add the approval process too?

```
1. Before creating a draft release, this workflow creates a GitHub issue asking for approval from the [maintainers](MAINTAINERS.md). See sample [issue](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-java/issues/733). The maintainers need to approve in order to continue the workflow run.
```

Author: Updated, thanks @gaiksaya !

> 1. This draft release triggers the [jenkins release workflow](https://build.ci.opensearch.org/job/opensearch-testcontainers-release) as a result of which the client is released on [maven central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=org.opensearch). Please note that the release workflow is triggered only if created release is in draft state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. This draft release triggers the [jenkins release workflow](https://build.ci.opensearch.org/job/opensearch-testcontainers-release) as a result of which the client is released on [maven central](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/org.opensearch/opensearch-testcontainers). Please note that the release workflow is triggered only if created release is in draft state.
```

### Feature Branches

Do not create branches in the upstream repo, use your fork, for the exception of long lasting feature branches that require active collaboration from multiple developers. Name feature branches `feature/<thing>`. Once the work is merged to `main`, please make sure to delete the feature branch.

## Release Labels

Repositories create consistent release labels, such as `v1.0.0`, `v1.1.0` and `v2.0.0`, as well as `patch` and `backport`. Use release labels to target an issue or a PR for a given release.

## Releasing

The release process is standard across repositories in this org and is run by a release manager volunteering from amongst [maintainers](MAINTAINERS.md).

1. Create a tag, e.g. 1.0.0, and push it to this GitHub repository.
1. The [release-drafter.yml](.github/workflows/release-drafter.yml) will be automatically kicked off. This workflow creates a GitHub issue asking for approval from the [maintainers](MAINTAINERS.md) (see sample [issue](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-java/issues/733)). The maintainers need to approve in order to continue the workflow run and draft release creation.

> 1. This draft release triggers the [jenkins release workflow](https://build.ci.opensearch.org/job/opensearch-testcontainers-release) as a result of which the client is released on [maven central](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/org.opensearch/opensearch-testcontainers). Please note that the release workflow is triggered only if created release is in draft state.

Author: :+1:

1. Once the above release workflow is successful, the drafted release on GitHub is published automatically.
1. Increment "version" in [version.properties](./version.properties) to the next iteration, e.g. v2.1.1. See [example](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-testcontainers/pull/39).

## Snapshot Builds

> The [snapshots builds](https://aws.oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots/org/opensearch/opensearch-testcontainers/) are published to sonatype using [publish-snapshots.yml](./.github/workflows/publish-snapshots.yml) workflow. Each `push` event to the main branch triggers this workflow.

Author: Addressed, thank you!
